---
layout: post
title: "Update"
date: 2013-08-11 16:06
comments: true
categories:
- Personal 
---

So a brief update it most likely due, it has been a substantial period of time since I lost wrote a post.
Although no-one reads this blog so that is all perfectly fine.
Since my last post I've travelled round Europe for a few weeks, presented at a conference, hit some gym PR's and worked on some exciting elements.

<!-- more -->

# Europe

What can I say, I had a three week trip around Europe by myself and learnt a lot.
It began in Ireland, starting with the Universitas 21 Energy policy conference in Dublin which was hosted by UCD.
I had a fantastic time, presented on the first day and thoroughly enjoyed the people, and the experience.
The social aspects included a few outings around Irish pubs, a lot of Guiness and plenty of interesting discussions.
The general theme of the conference was Energy with speaks presenting on technical aspects, policy and systems.
There was a very strong distinction between countries with speakers from different nationalities tending to reflect what was important from those countries.
As such, the students from the USA tended to speak about technological solutions, from Europe about social policies, from Asia about poverty alleviation.
All together a fascinating viewpoint as to how different parts of the world view different problems.

From Ireland I travelled to Berlin where I spent five days.
If you've never been to Berlin, I highly recommend it.
I had an incredible time, the people were fantastic and the sites superb.
I had the best burger of my life in Kreuzberg and enjoyed walking off a couple hangovers at the Berlin Zoo.
I went on a number of tours, met dozens of cool people at the hostels and had a really good time.

From Berlin I travelled to Frankfurt, pretty much on a whim.
One thing I need to mention is that I arrived in Europe with no set plans, no accomodation booked and the only requirement being that I make a flight back to NZ from Paris.
As such, I ended up in Frankfurt with an open mind.
My hostel was located in the red light district which was pretty hilarious as I kept questioning if I was in the right place.
Nonetheless, I felt safe here.
Frankfurt the city has a number of gorgeous museums, cool bars, great people and interesting architecture.
The Frankfurt city forum was on at the time and a lot of sausages were eaten at the street stalls.
One of my favourite places was the Goethe museum which was a little three story building.
The most amazing German realist naturalist paintings from the mid 19th century were inside.
I was completely blown away.

From Frankfurt I travelled to Cologne where, after not really knowing the cathedral existed, I had quite a shock after walking out of the train station.
Cologne was a very cool city, the shopping district was really well put together, the architecture interesting and the people really nice.
Not to mention the beer here was, cheap, delicious and plentiful.

Leaving Frankfurt I travelled to Paris where I had a mixed experiment.
By this point in the trip I was getting a little worn down.
Travelling non-stop for 2 weeks straight had led to a lot of blisters, sore feet and a lack of clean clothes.
The city itself was incredibly spectacular with the view from the top of the arc de triomphe a must see.
However the city itself was expensive, jammed full of tourists and the general vibe from the people was one of rudeness.
So far in my trip I would have happily returned to any of the other cities.
However, I don't feel any particular desire to travel to Paris again.
It was just simply not enjoyable.

# Work

It was a bit of culture shock getting back and needing to work again.
It did take me a few weeks to get into it but now I'm back into the swing of things.
My current projects include an assessment of spot price dynamics, an assessment of wind energy and a look into simulations regarding Pole 3.
All in all, a lot of work on and I'm excited about my current research.
A big push has been doing a little a lot.
Although I typically work best in bursts, with periods of extreme activity followed by inactivity I've been attempting to mitigate this.
One element of this is not trying to "force" the work but simply to switch tasks rather than becoming stuck.
I'm still not accomplishing this as well as I would hope but I'm making progress.

# Other

I've been continuing my reading with book depository doing very well by me.
I'm still in a physical book stage, with ebooks currently not taking my fancy.
Although I own multiple computing devices, tables, kindles etc the recent security revelations, plus decision making of American IT companies has broadly soured me on entrusting my data to them.
I've been assessing moving away from their stranglehold as I see little reason to continue using their services.
A big one has been migrating more of my document storage and back ups away from Dropbox to a three way synchronisation using BT sync and a raspberry pi.
I still need to complete this however.
I'm looking into alternatives to gmail with mailpile being a possible alternative. 
However at this stage it is looking as though Google will still be getting my service.

On another note I'm very excited about Ubuntu touch and I'm looking forward to flashing an image on to my Nexus 7.
The Ubuntu edge campaign has been interesting to follow but it appears as though it will fail.
In addition, given the exchange rates the phone was just priced slightly outside what I'm willing to pay.
For my next phone I will most likely be getting a Nexus 4, which I'll attempt to put Ubuntu touch on.

I'm currently considering what I want my next personal project to be.
It's a bit of a struggle balancing my time appropriately as between work, gym, life admin and reading it can be quite limited.
I'm looking into learning either Haskell, or possibly more about web development including D3.
D3, HTML and CSS look like they'll be more relevant at this stage but the premise of functional programming and Haskell look quite fascinating.
I need to bite the bullet and choose one of these soon though however.

In the gym things have been going fantastic.
I've been hitting multiple PR's.
Bought some new squat shoes and have been really enjoying it all.
Currently very happy with how things are progressing although I do need to work on my mobility a bit more.

This has gotten long enough now so I'll just leave it here.